---
layout: page
width: xsmall
permalink: /tos/
title: BlueWallet - Bitcoin wallet
description: A Bitcoin wallet for iOS. Easy to use and secure
---

##### Terms of use

By using Bluewallet mobile application (the "App") provided by Bluewallet Services (the “Company”), you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using the App.

The Company intends for users to be able to use the functionality of the App on a decentralized, anonymous basis. You acknowledge and agree that BlueWallet is not responsible for any errors or omissions that you make in connection with any Bitcoin transaction initiated via the Services, including but not limited to use of any incorrect address or the loss of your private key.

How Your Wallet Works: Your Bitcoin is held in your BlueWallet in the "designed form", recorded on the Bitcoin blockchain. When you create a BlueWallet Wallet, the software on your phone generate and store a cryptographic private and public key pair that you may use to send and receive Bitcoin via the Bitcoin Blockchain network.

Your Public Key: The public key generated by the Software serves as your Bitcoin wallet address, and is stored on your mobile device. We do not keep a copy of your public key associated with your identity or phone number. Therefore BlueWallet cannot identify you at any point.

Your Private Key: The private key uniquely matches the wallet address and must be used in connection with the wallet address to authorize the transfer of bitcoin from or to that wallet address. The private key is stored on your mobile device. Importantly, your private key provides access to and security for your Bitcoin. BlueWallet has no access to your private key and may not, under any circumstance, initiate a transaction using your private key on your behalf. If you lose your private key, BlueWallet cannot recover it for you.

In no event shall Blue Wallet Services or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Blue Wallet Services, even if Blue Wallet Services or a Blue Wallet Services authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.

Lightning Wallet: While the Bitcoin wallets are all self-hosted as outlined above, the Bluewallet Lightning Network Wallets are can be used self-hosted or hosted by BlueWallet Services. Which means BlueWallet Services has full access to all the data and info being sent and receive by this hosted service.
The hosted Lightnig Network wallets should be used as an experimental feature, for recreational use and software developing focus. By using this service you agree to use it exclusively for the mention purposes and not for commerce purposes. Accordingly, any funds stored on the lightning wallet of your BlueWallet app are at risk of loss due to a security breach or other attack and will not be reimbursed by the Company. We will however make every effort to ensure proper security measures are in place and followed. We strongly recommend keeping a small balance (less than $50 USD) on your lightning wallet at any one time. For larger balances, we recommend keeping on the Bitcoin wallet in BlueWallet and load/refill your lightning network wallet as needed.

Blue Wallet Services may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using the service you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.

The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Republica Dominicana and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.

